Add a set of working VMware Fusion examples (#130)
hashicorp/packer-plugin-vmware: example/README.md

Reviewer: Would it be better to only maintain Fusion 13 examples for:
- M1/2-based Macs - arm : `guest_os_type = "debian-64"`
- Intel-based Mac - x64: `guest_os_type = "arm-debian-64"`

Author: The plugin can use a  few driver updates to make it more Fusion 13 ready. Having both Fusion 12 and 13 templates available help show case the needed differences. That said, the Fusion 13 work is a ticket that we need to create and prioritize.

Reviewer: Should this be `examples/` plural?

# VMware Packer Plugin Examples

This directory contains a set of templates to illustrate how to run the plugin for different versions of VMware, 

> as VMware Fusion, VMware Player, and VMware Workstation all work slightly different. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as VMware ESXi, VMware Fusion, VMware Player, and VMware Workstation all work slightly differently. 
```

_Big thanks to @tenthirtyam and @Stromweld for their help in getting these templates working._

## Example Directory Structure
The source files are spread across multiple files: 
 - source.pkr.hcl contains the source block definition for the build image. 

>  - variables.pkr.hcl contains a set of defined variables need for building the image. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - variables.pkr.hcl contains a set of defined variables needed for building the image. 
```
